# software.amzn.spapi.Model.vendor.invoices.v1.CreditNoteDetails
References required in order to process a credit note. This information is required only if InvoiceType is CreditNote.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ReferenceInvoiceNumber** | **string** | Original Invoice Number when sending a credit note relating to an existing invoice. One Invoice only to be processed per Credit Note. This is mandatory for AP Credit Notes. | [optional] 
**DebitNoteNumber** | **string** | Debit Note Number as generated by Amazon. Recommended for Returns and COOP Credit Notes. | [optional] 
**ReturnsReferenceNumber** | **string** | Identifies the Returns Notice Number. Mandatory for all Returns Credit Notes. | [optional] 
**GoodsReturnDate** | **DateTime** | Defines a date and time according to ISO8601. | [optional] 
**RmaId** | **string** | Identifies the Returned Merchandise Authorization ID, if generated. | [optional] 
**CoopReferenceNumber** | **string** | Identifies the COOP reference used for COOP agreement. Failure to provide the COOP reference number or the Debit Note number may lead to a rejection of the Credit Note. | [optional] 
**ConsignorsReferenceNumber** | **string** | Identifies the consignor reference number (VRET number), if generated by Amazon. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

