# software.amzn.spapi.Model.replenishment.v2022_11_07.GetSellingPartnerMetricsResponseMetric
An object which contains metric data for a selling partner.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**NotDeliveredDueToOOS** | **double** | The percentage of items that were not shipped out of the total shipped units over a period of time due to being out of stock. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**TotalSubscriptionsRevenue** | **double** | The revenue generated from subscriptions over a period of time. Applicable for both the PERFORMANCE and FORECAST timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**ShippedSubscriptionUnits** | **decimal** | The number of units shipped to the subscribers over a period of time. Applicable for both the PERFORMANCE and FORECAST timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**ActiveSubscriptions** | **decimal** | The number of active subscriptions present at the end of the period. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**SubscriberAverageRevenue** | **double** | The average revenue per subscriber of the program over a period of past 12 months for sellers and 6 months for vendors. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**NonSubscriberAverageRevenue** | **double** | The average revenue per non-subscriber of the program over a period of past 12 months for sellers and 6 months for vendors. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**LostRevenueDueToOOS** | **double** | The revenue that would have been generated had there not been out of stock. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**SubscriberAverageReorders** | **double** | The average reorders per subscriber of the program over a period of 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**NonSubscriberAverageReorders** | **double** | The average reorders per non-subscriber of the program over a period of past 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**CouponsRevenuePenetration** | **double** | The percentage of revenue from ASINs with coupons out of total revenue from all ASINs. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**RevenueFromSubscriptionsWithMultipleDeliveries** | **double** | The subscription revenue generated from subscriptions with over two deliveries over the past 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**RevenueFromActiveSubscriptionsWithSingleDelivery** | **double** | The subscription revenue generated from active subscriptions with one delivery over the past 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**RevenueFromCancelledSubscriptionsAfterSingleDelivery** | **double** | The subscription revenue generated from subscriptions which are cancelled after one delivery over the past 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**SubscriberRetentionFor30Days** | **double** | The percentage of subscriptions retained after 30 days of subscription creation. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**SubscriberRetentionFor90Days** | **double** | The percentage of subscriptions retained after 90 days of subscription creation. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**RevenuePenetrationFor0PercentSellerFunding** | **double** | The percentage of subscription revenue generated by offers with 0% seller-funded discount over the last 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**RevenuePenetrationFor5PercentSellerFunding** | **double** | [Applicable only for Sellers] The percentage of subscription revenue generated by offers with 5% seller-funded discount over the last 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**RevenuePenetrationFor10PercentSellerFunding** | **double** | [Applicable only for Sellers] The percentage of subscription revenue generated by offers with 10% seller-funded discount over the last 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**RevenuePenetrationFor5PlusPercentSellerFunding** | **double** | [Applicable only for vendors] The percentage of subscription revenue generated by offers with 5% or above seller-funded discount over the last 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**ShareOfCouponSubscriptions** | **double** | The percentage of new subscriptions acquired through coupons. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**TimeInterval** | [**TimeInterval**](TimeInterval.md) |  | [optional] 
**CurrencyCode** | **string** | The currency code in ISO 4217 format. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

